Blisters is a dice game that involves scoring based on matching pairs of different colored dice. Players roll 6 dice, 3 different color pairs (ex. 2 red, 2 blue, 2 white), and acquire points from matches based on color and number. For example, if a player rolls and there are dice with a matching number but different color, they simply add the value of the dice together (Ex. Red die showing 2,  blue die showing 2 equals a score of 4). If they were to roll dice that match on both color and number, their score is the value of one of the dice times ten (Ex. Red die showing 2, Another Red die showing 2, equals 20, because 2 x 10 = 20). If the total number of matching dice is an even number, the player has the choice to roll the remaining dice if they’d like the opportunity to gain more matches. However, they risk getting blistered. If you roll the remaining dice, and there are no matching numbers, you lose all points for the round. If you roll an uneven amount of matching dice (ex. You roll 3 two’s), you are required to roll the remaining dice until you get an even number of matches, or get blistered. Players set a winning number at the beginning of the game (typically the number of miles in a popular hiking trail), and the game ends once a player achieves that score. If you roll 6 sixes at any point of the game, you lose. This game is interesting and fun because it combines luck and skill. Players rely on the luck of their roll, but get to use their personal judgment to weigh their options in hopes of winning the game.
